[Kagenou] I don't remember
how it started.
As far back as I can remember,
it's what I always
wanted to be:
The Eminence in Shadow.
Hello, Alpha.
(tense music)
Hello there.
Everything you said
turned out to be true.
I looked in those ancient texts
and I found a description of
the Cult of Diablos.
As I suspected.
It seems the more we learn,
the more powerful
they appear to be.
Nevertheless, I...
We lurk in the shadows
and hunt the shadows.
(gasps)
Yes, that's what I want.
This is how I will finally
become the Eminence in Shadow.
But man,
this elf is a pushover.
(OPENING THEME)
The last summer of my high
school career,
I, Minoru Kageno,
was on the path to become the
Eminence in Shadow
when my journey was cut
drastically short.
(whump)
[Father] Claire always wanted
a little brother!
She'll be overjoyed!
[Kagenou] What the hell?
But something's
not quite right.
He never seems to cry.
[Father] Hmm...
(campy music)
[Kagenou] Oh, I get it now.
("baby" crying)
[Father] What a hearty cry!
Oh, I must have been
imagining things.
[Kagenou] I have no idea how or
why this could have happened,
but that's just a minor detail.
More importantly,
the air is filled
with magical energy.
In my past life,
magic was the stuff of dreams
and fairy tales.
But now I could claim this
overwhelming power for my own.
That's the only thing
that matters.
With this power, I can-
(music ends)
Uh oh...
(all gasp)
[Kagenou] Ah...
I pooped.
("baby" crying)
[Kagenou] So I was reborn
as the son of Baron Kagenou,
an aristocrat living out
in the boonies.
For generations, this family
has pumped out Dark Knights,
fencers that enhance their
physical abilities with magic.
(rock cracking)
[Kagenou] And everyone has high
hopes for the Kagenou heir,
who is not me.
(sword slashing)
(rock shattering)
[Kagenou] Hidden in the shadow
of my abundantly
talented sister,
I grew up as the
average, ordinary
Dark Knight in training -
Background Character A.
But under that exterior....
(laughing)
(blood squirting)
I see business is booming,
my dear bandits!
Then kindly show me
all of your valuables.
Don't you dare get cocky
with us, you twerp!
(bang!)
Did he just?
[Shadow] You there,
enough idol chit-chat.
I told you to
hand over the money.
(sword slashing)
(blood spattering)
(dramatic music)
This is my slime sword.
It's nice, isn't it?
(sword slashing)
Wow, this is even more useful
than I thought it would be.
What? Wait a minute.
All right, fine.
Next!
(boom)
I can test THIS sword on you.
(bandit grunts)
[Shadow]
If you really work at it,
you can survive
about two minutes.
So hang in there.
(gasps)
Don't mock me, boy.
Surprised? I might not look
like much at first,
but I'm a Bu Shinru master!
I'm just kidding.
(blood spraying)
You can't survive
for two minutes.
And yes, I'm really happy
with this slime bodysuit too.
My caravan friends,
I have avenged you.
(wood shattering)
Don't worry, my friends,
I will make good use
of the gifts you've left behind.
Money, art, food and...
(rattling)
Hmm?
(more rattling)
A cage? That's weird.
Is it a slave?
You're not a corpse.
You've started to rot,
but you're still alive,
which means...
you're possessed?
(electrical discharge)
That wavelength...
I've felt it before.
It's just like a magical
overload.
Ah...
(electrical discharges)
(loud thundering)
Oh, I can make
use of this blob.
It's not my body,
so I can do anything I want
with it without hurting myself.
[Kagenou] After that, I started
shooting it up with magic.
I tried all kinds of things
that didn't work,
but the experimentation
was exhilarating.
Then, one month later,
I finally succeeded
in containing the
magical overload.
But...
Oh, my lord...
Something that decomposed can
go back to normal?
(mmm)
[Kagenou]
Uh oh, what do I do now?
Oh, I have an idea.
Stay sharp.
This is your first performance
as the Eminence in Shadow.
(clears throat)
I see you've awakened.
(small sigh)
(gasps) What?
But this can't be happening.
I'm...
[Shadow]
I have broken the curse
that was gnawing away at you.
You're free now,
back to normal.
What do you mean?
You did this?
What curse?
Yes, it was a curse that was...
a terrible curse that was cast
upon all the hero's
descendants.
I understand your
consternation.
But surely,
you too have heard the tale.
Here it is.
The fairy tale recorded
in these scriptures
about three heroes who
defeated the Demon Diablos
and saved the world.
That story is true.
(woman gasps)
[Shadow] And the demon with his
dying breath cast a curse.
That is what really turned you
into the rotting lump of flesh.
But someone has twisted history
and turned you into objects of
scorn, calling you possessed.
(gasps)
[Shadow]
And the one behind it all is...
Yes, the mastermind is...
No, it's too soon
to speak the name.
If you knew it,
you would only be in danger.
[woman] I don't care.
[Shadow] Huh?
Tell me who did this to me.
Oh, I see.
Uh... In that case,
I guess I'll tell you.
Ah...
(wishpering)
The Cult of Diablos...
(gasps)
[Shadow] A group of zealots
who are plotting
to revive the great demon.
They never come out
into the light of day.
My mission is to
remain in the shadows
to end their evil schemes,
I guess.
Yes, my name is Stylish.
Sorry.
No, my name is Shadow.
He who lurks in the shadows
to hunt the shadows.
[woman] Shadow?
My path is not an easy one,
but it's necessary to
fulfill my mission.
Child of the heroes,
are you prepared to walk
my path with me?
When I became ill,
or rather when I was struck
with this horrible curse,
I lost everything.
My only future was to waste
away as a hideous beast.
But you saved me.
So if it is what you wish,
I will give you my life.
And I will punish the
guilty with death.
Uhmm!
[Kagenou] So yeah, I made the
whole thing up.
[Shadow]
We'll probably be up against
some very powerful
government leaders.
But I'm sure there'll be many
people under their control
that don't know the truth.
So what? I'll show no mercy to
any who stand our way.
Yes, good! That's the spirit!
[woman] We will need to find
the other hero descendants
and take them under our
protection.
Huh? Uh, right.
As we expand our organization,
we'll need to strengthen
our base of operations.
We'll need to collect funds
to that end.
Yeah, but in moderation.
[Shadow] Right, then, okay.
We'll call our organization...
Shadow Garden.
And the name you shall
answer to is Alpha.
[Kagenou] Three years passed
after I brilliantly
ad-libbed my way through
my first performance.
I was now 13 years old.
An average, ordinary,
Dark Knight in training.
(loud bang)
(Cid yelling)
(swords clang)
Your lunge is weak!
(Cid yelling)
[Kagenou] Fencing in this world,
in a word, is unsophisticated.
In my past life, living in
the age of information,
I was able to fuse all kinds of
martial arts together
and optimize them.
If I could just
use them here...
(sword thunders)
(Cid yells)
(water splashing)
(whining) Oh, come on!
You're too strong,
this isn't fair.
That boy never makes
any progress.
[servant] Miss Claire!
What can I do for you?
[servant]
Your mother is calling.
The guests are arriving for
your farewell party.
Cid, I won't be able to
practice with you for a while,
but make sure to continue
training on your own.
[Cid] Yes, ma'am!
[Claire] You, prepare a towel
and a change of clothes
for the boy.
[Kagenou] Oh, man...
It's not easy to play the part
of a background character,
but I must play Background
Character A perfectly
if I want to be ready for the
day I know will come.
(Cid sneezes)
(bell tolling)
[Kagenou] When Nobles turn 15,
they start attending the
Midgar Academy for Dark Knights
in the Royal Capitol.
My sister is enrolled at
the Midgar Academy
for Dark Knights too, but...
(ominous music)
When the day came
for her departure,
she was nowhere to be found.
[Father]
What is the meaning of this?!
Even if they attacked her
in her sleep,
how could they ever
overpower Claire?!
The dirty bastard must have
been a master fighter!
[Mother]
Then we have to accept this?!
Uuhh...
Is that what you're saying?
[Father]
No, that's not what I meant.
I was just stating a fact.
[Mother]
Stop making excuses, bald man!
Take that and that!
(loud punching)
[Father] Ow! I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
[Mother] Go find our daughter
right now, dammit!
What are we going to do if
something happens to Claire?!
[Father] Wh-what are you going
to do with that?
I need you, Beta.
What do you need, Lord Shadow?
[Kagenou] Alpha had collected
members for Shadow Garden
as if she was adopting
abandoned kittens.
So our numbers grew
quite rapidly.
Where is Alpha?
Searching for clues
in order to find Miss Claire.
[Cid] She moves fast.
Is my sister still alive?
[Beta] Most likely, yes.
The kidnapper belongs to
the Cult of Diablos,
a high ranking officer.
Why'd they take my sister?
We believe they suspect
Miss Claire
is one of the
hero's descendants.
I understand now.
[Kagenou] I guess when these
girls get involved
even regular old bandits
can be considered members
of the cult.
[Beta] Please have a
look at this map.
We have determined the
locations of their hideouts,
but we don't know which hideout
is the one where they are
keeping Miss Claire.
Hmphf!
That one.
(thunk)
[Kagenou] Dammit, I missed.
That is where we'll find her.
(small gasp) But...
but there's nothing
there on the map.
(Beta gasps)
It can't be!
These cryptograms were a bluff?
In that case, if we compare it
against this account,
it all comes together!
Look, Lord Shadow!
I believe there is
a secret hideout
in the location you indicated.
[Cid] I know.
You took in this huge amount
of information
and saw the truth immediately.
You're amazing!
[Kagenou]
You're quite the actress, Beta.
You deserve an Academy Award.
[Cid] Hmphf!
Call the Seven Shadows.
We move tonight.
Right!
[man] You know,
I had a daughter.
I would prefer not to have to
resort to such violent ways,
Claire Kagenou.
(stone cracking)
[man] You can still dodge that
while locked up in
magic sealing chains?
I was taught that it's not
about how much magic you have,
but how you use it.
Your father is a smart man.
That old baldy?
It was my brother
who taught me.
Your brother?
When we fight each other,
I beat him every time.
That being said, I'm constantly
learning from my brother's sword
and yet strangely,
he never seems to learn
a thing from me.
And that's why I
pick on him every day.
I've heard all about
your brother.
When you showed signs
of possession
he was the one that healed you,
is that not true?
Oh god, not that again.
That's not how
it happened at all.
There's no way that boy
could have healed me.
[man]
That may be, but just in case,
I'm going to need to learn more
about this brother of yours.
(Claire gasps)
(chain snaps)
If anything happens
to that boy,
you'll have to answer to me!
What have you done?
You mutilated your own hands?
I'll kill you!
I'll kill your beloved family,
your friends, everyone you know,
I'll kill them all!
(loud punch)
(Claire groans)
Stupid little bitch....
No matter.
We'll know if she's compatible
once we've analyzed her blood.
Master Grease!
What the hell do you want?
[page] Intruders!
(gasps)
(guns banging)
(electronic music)
(swords clanging)
[page] We think there
are seven of them.
They appeared out of nowhere
like shadows.
Our men are dropping
like flies.
We're no match for them!
[Grease] That's impossible!
Some of our knights
are good enough
to be in the Royal Guard.
(blood spatters)
(gasps) How could this...
(musical crescendo)
(choral music)
[Grease] Y-you...
Who are you?
We are known as Shadow Garden.
It is our mission in life to
annihilate the Cult of Diablos.
We already know everything
about your cult.
And about the revival of
the Demon Diablos,
the hero's descendants.
Don't forget, the truth of
demon possession.
Did you say the
Cult of Diablos?!
How'd you find out?
Where'd you hear that name?!
How'd you find that secret?!
(swords clashing)
(epic music)
(Grease grunts)
(blood splatters)
I'm not going to kill you.
Not before you tell us
absolutely everything you know.
(Grease grunts in pain)
(crunch)
(Grease yelling)
(loud thundering)
(pounding music)
Blugh!
(swords clash)
That was an interesting trick.
Heh...
(Grease yelling)
(rocks crumbling)
I'll go after him.
No need to.
[Alpha]
He's headed straight for HIM.
(gasps)
Is that the reason we split up?
Lord Shadow is so brilliant!
Well, I'm lost.
I guess I got a little carried
away hunting the little guy.
Huh?
(stone rumbling)
(panting) Dammit!
Hmm?
How the hell did you know
I was coming this way?
Hold on a sec,
there's only one of you.
(Grease yelling)
(loud thundering)
(swords ringing)
You may have more magic power
than Alpha,
unfortunately, you have no idea
how to use that power, do you?
And I'm sorry to say,
but your lunge is
quite pathetic.
(swords clanging)
Can't you see that
your fighting
has absolutely no finesse?
Please, allow me to
give you a masterclass
on the correct use of magic.
(Grease grunts in anger)
Lesson One: Concentrate a little
magical energy in your feet
for a burst of speed.
(Grease yelling)
Lesson Two:
With the proper distance,
you don't need speed
AND strength.
You don't even need magic.
Lesson Three:
I'm just getting started.
(sword slicing)
(Grease groaning)
[Grease] Have I ever felt so
overwhelmed in battle before?
If I have, it was as a boy
when I was sparring
against my teacher
after I had only just
taken up the sword.
But...
I don't care how much stronger
and more powerful you are.
The darkness of this
disgusting world
is so much deeper than
even you can imagine!
(chuckles)
(Grease gasps)
Then I'll dive even deeper.
As deep as I can go.
(driving electronic music)
[Grease] I'm serious, boy.
(Grease yells)
(glass shatters)
[Grease]
I'll teach you something
about the darkness
of this world!
(guttural yell)
We're all worthless,
and fragile!
That is reality!
Taste it for yourself!
Feel your own powerlessness!
How disgraceful.
(sword zapping)
(dramatic music)
[Grease] What is this?
This enormous magical energy?
Sorry, play time's over.
(sword thundering)
(Grease groaning)
(blood splattering)
[Grease] Of course...
It's not just his technique.
It's everything.
I was powerless
against the darkness.
But... maybe... this boy...
(death rattle)
Milia...
[Shadow] He was pretty tough
for a regular old bandit.
[Kagenou] Well,
that's pretty much how we
successfully pulled off
this rescue mission.
After breaking out
of her chains,
Claire showed up back home the
next day in a very bad mood.
She is stubbornly tenacious.
And her injuries were more or
less healed overnight.
She set out for
the Royal Capitol
as if nothing had
ever happened.
(soft music)
[Kagenou] I wish I could
go to the Capitol.
It's a giant metropolis
that doesn't even compare
to this hick town.
There's bound to be
a character there
in the position of
main protagonist.
And I bet there's
a last boss too.
Well, I'll get to
go there in two years.
In the meantime, I'll put Alpha
and the girls to work.
Shadow...
(chuckles)
[Alpha] The hour has come.
It is time for us to part ways.
We must leave you now.
What?
This is goodbye.
Goodbye?
(ENDING THEME)